messages/sfdxurl.store.md, before:

# summary

Authorize an org using a Salesforce DX authorization URL stored in a file or through standard input (stdin).

# description

The Salesforce DX (SFDX) authorization URL must have the format "%s". NOTE: The SFDX authorization URL uses the "force" protocol, and not "http" or "https". Also, the "instanceUrl" inside the SFDX authorization URL doesn't include the protocol ("https://").

You have three options when creating the authorization file. The easiest option is to redirect the output of the "<%= config.bin %> org display --verbose --json" command into a file. For example, using an org with alias my-org that you've already authorized:

    $ <%= config.bin %> org display --target-org my-org --verbose --json > authFile.json

The resulting JSON file contains the URL in the "sfdxAuthUrl" property of the "result" object. You can then reference the file when running this command:

    $ <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --sfdx-url-file authFile.json

NOTE: The "<%= config.bin %> org display --verbose" command displays the refresh token only for orgs authorized with the web server flow, and not the JWT bearer flow.

You can also create a JSON file that has a top-level property named sfdxAuthUrl whose value is the authorization URL. Finally, you can create a normal text file that includes just the URL and nothing else.

# flags.sfdx-url-file.summary

Path to a file that contains the Salesforce DX authorization URL. Use the '-' character to pipe the value through standard input (stdin).

# examples

- Authorize an org using the SFDX authorization URL in the files/authFile.json file:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --sfdx-url-file files/authFile.json

- Similar to previous example, but set the org as your default and give it an alias MyDefaultOrg:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --sfdx-url-file files/authFile.json --set-default --alias MyDefaultOrg

- Pipe the SFDX authorization URL from stdin by specifying the '-' value.

  echo $url | <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --sfdx-url-file -

Commit message:

feat: create new --sfdx-url-stdin flag

messages/sfdxurl.store.md, after:

# summary

Authorize an org using a Salesforce DX authorization URL stored in a file or through standard input (stdin).

# description

The Salesforce DX (SFDX) authorization URL must have the format "%s". NOTE: The SFDX authorization URL uses the "force" protocol, and not "http" or "https". Also, the "instanceUrl" inside the SFDX authorization URL doesn't include the protocol ("https://").

You have three options when creating the authorization file. The easiest option is to redirect the output of the "<%= config.bin %> org display --verbose --json" command into a file. For example, using an org with alias my-org that you've already authorized:

    $ <%= config.bin %> org display --target-org my-org --verbose --json > authFile.json

The resulting JSON file contains the URL in the "sfdxAuthUrl" property of the "result" object. You can then reference the file when running this command:

    $ <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --sfdx-url-file authFile.json

NOTE: The "<%= config.bin %> org display --verbose" command displays the refresh token only for orgs authorized with the web server flow, and not the JWT bearer flow.

You can also create a JSON file that has a top-level property named sfdxAuthUrl whose value is the authorization URL. Finally, you can create a normal text file that includes just the URL and nothing else.

Alternatively, you can pipe the SFDX authorization url through standard input by using the --sfdx-url-stdin flag and providing the '-' character as the value.

# flags.sfdx-url-file.summary

Path to a file that contains the Salesforce DX authorization URL.

# flags.sfdx-url-stdin.summary

Provide '-' as the value to pipe the Salesforce DX authorization URL through standard input (stdin).

# examples

- Authorize an org using the SFDX authorization URL in the files/authFile.json file:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --sfdx-url-file files/authFile.json

- Similar to previous example, but set the org as your default and give it an alias MyDefaultOrg:

  <%= config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --sfdx-url-file files/authFile.json --set-default --alias MyDefaultOrg

- Pipe the SFDX authorization URL from stdin by specifying the '-' value.

  <%= "\n $ echo url | " + config.bin %> <%= command.id %> --sfdx-url-stdin -
